So what I want to show you in this video is if you notice if we went to our root directory where we
installed the saw this parallax template everything works right.
And we have all our CSSA But what happens if we go to the details page and we go to our music details
page and you look at this and we have no CSSA no images everything's missing.
Even though it's using the layout page you can see it's using the layout because of the navigation bar
and everything.
So why is it if we inspect the console you're going to see anytime you have weirdness like this you
want to look at the console and see all these four or four is not found.
So it's not finding materialized or all these external resources.
And the reason why is because of this exact relative address here so there is a shortcut though that
we can use to solve this problem.
And we do that by simply referencing the root directory of the project by using the Tildy character.
So if you use this tool the character is going to grab the root directory and then the forward slash
So it's always going to work.
So go ahead and update all your references so that they have this Tilda's forward slash.
So if we do that and we now go back over to the music directory or page you can now see that we're getting
the C S S and everything and we expect our console and we shouldn't be getting any more 404 error messages.